Master, what are you doing?
Are you all right?
Hum I tell you
If it weren't for today
I make you regret it for the rest of your life with one phone call
I'd like to see it
How did you make me regret it?
Zhangye, you have disappointed me so much.
I thought you would make some progress over the years
I didn't expect you to be the same now
When you encounter problems, you will use violence to solve problems
My daughter's birthday present
He dares to throw it away
What is he?
Birthday present for your daughter
Just this broken watch?
What did you say about Liu Tianhou's collection?
Who is Liu Tianhou?
Countless fans around the world
Do you think he will treasure this broken watch?
Ah!
This watch was brought when I first debuted 6 days later.
It meant a lot to him.
What are a few concert tickets?
You take this watch to his agent
You can directly enter the backstage to take a group photo with Liu Tianhou.
Even if it is Liu Tiandan
You can also play a song for him alone
Keep blowing
Master Zhang, I don't want to hear your nonsense here
Take something and go immediately
I don't want to see you again
I can go
Give this watch to Zhenzhen for me.
Mr. Dai, this watch is really collected by Liu Tianhou
Even if it were true
I can't let Zhenzhen take it either
Besides, we both know
Is this watch real or fake?
Nagano
I thought for so many years
You should make some progress
I didn't expect you to be so tyrannical and arrogant
self-righteous
I will never let Zhenzhen
It has nothing to do with you
Because you don't deserve to be his father
Don't worry.
I will definitely treat you and be really nice.
You know I'm a thousand times stronger than this scumbag
Mr. Li, I think
I'd better think about it again.
I'll give you time to think about it. Hmm.
Hello, Zhenzhen
What's your trouble?
What's the matter?